User Terms of Service

Effective: November 17, 2016

These User Terms of Service (the “User Terms”) govern your access and use of our online workplace productivity tools and platform (the “Services”). Please read them carefully. Even though you are signing onto an existing team, these User Terms apply to you —the prospective user reading these words. We are grateful you’re here.

First things First

These User Terms are Legally Binding

These User Terms are a legally binding contract between you and us. As part of these User Terms, you agree to comply with the most recent version of our Acceptable Use Policy, which is incorporated by reference into these User Terms. If you access or use the Services, or continue accessing or using the Services after being notified of a change to the User Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy, you confirm that you have read, understand and agree to be bound by the User Terms and the Acceptable Use Policy. “We”, “our” and “us” currently refers to Slack Technologies, Inc.

Customer’s Choices and Instructions

You are an Authorized User on a Team Controlled by a “Customer”

An organization or other third party that we refer to in these User Terms as “Customer” has invited you to a team (i.e., a unique domain where a group of users may access the Services, as further described in our Help Centerpages). If you are joining one of your employer’s teams, for example, Customer is your employer. If you are joining a team created by your friend using her personal email address to work on her new startup idea, she is our Customer and she is authorizing you to join her team.

What This Means for You—and for Us

Customer has separately agreed to our Customer Terms of Service or entered into a written agreement with us (in either case, the “Contract”) that permitted Customer to create and configure a team so that you and others could join (each invitee granted access to the Services, including you, is an “Authorized User”). The Contract contains our commitment to deliver the Services to Customer, who may then invite Authorized Users to join its team(s). When an Authorized User (including, you) submits content or information to the Services, such as messages or files (“Customer Data”), you acknowledge and agree that the Customer Data is owned by Customer and the Contract provides Customer with many choices and control over that Customer Data. For example, Customer may provision or deprovision access to the Services, enable or disable third party integrations,	manage permissions, retention and export settings, transfer or assign teams, share channels, or consolidate your team or channels with other teams or channels, and these choices and instructions may result in the access, use, disclosure, modification or deletion of certain or all Customer Data. Please check out our Help Center pages for more detail on our different Service plans and the options available to Customer.

The Relationship Between You, Customer and Us

AS BETWEEN US AND CUSTOMER, YOU AGREE THAT IT IS SOLELY CUSTOMER’S RESPONSIBILITY TO (A) INFORM AUTHORIZED USERS OF ANY RELEVANT CUSTOMER POLICIES AND PRACTICES AND ANY SETTINGS THAT MAY IMPACT THE PROCESSING OF CUSTOMER DATA; (B) OBTAIN ANY RIGHTS, PERMISSIONS OR CONSENTS FROM AUTHORIZED USERS THAT ARE NECESSARY FOR THE LAWFUL USE OF CUSTOMER DATA AND THE OPERATION OF THE SERVICES; AND (C) RESPOND TO AND RESOLVE ANY DISPUTE WITH AN AUTHORIZED USER RELATING TO OR BASED ON CUSTOMER DATA, THE SERVICES OR CUSTOMER’S FAILURE TO FULFILL THESE OBLIGATIONS. SLACK MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, TO YOU RELATING TO THE SERVICES, WHICH ARE PROVIDED TO YOU ON AN “AS IS” AND “ AS AVAILABLE” BASIS.

A Few Ground Rules

You Must be Over the Age of 13

The Services are not intended for and should not be used by anyone under the age of thirteen. You represent that you are over the age of 13 and are the intended recipient of Customer’s invitation to the Services. You may not access or use the Services for any purpose if either of the representations in the preceding sentence is not true.

While You Are Here, You Must Follow the Rules

To help ensure a safe and productive work environment, all Authorized Users must comply with our Acceptable Use Policy and remain vigilant in reporting inappropriate behavior or content to Customer and us.

You Are Here At the Pleasure of Customer (and Us)

These User Terms remain effective until Customer’s subscription for you expires or terminates, or your access to the Services has been terminated by Customer or us. Please contact Customer if you at any time or for any reason wish to terminate your account, including due to a disagreement with any updates to these User Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy.

Limitation of Liability

If we believe that there is a violation of the Contract, User Terms, the Acceptable Use Policy, or any of our other policies that can simply be remedied by Customer’s removal of certain Customer Data or taking other action, we will, in most cases, ask Customer to take action rather than intervene. We may directly step in and take what we determine to be appropriate action (including disabling your account) if Customer does not take appropriate action or we believe there is a credible risk of harm to us, the Services, Authorized Users, or any third parties. IN NO EVENT WILL YOU OR WE HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR REVENUES OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, COVER OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR UNDER ANY OTHER THEORY OF LIABILITY, AND WHETHER OR NOT THE PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. UNLESS YOU ARE ALSO A CUSTOMER (AND WITHOUT LIMITATION TO OUR RIGHTS AND REMEDIES UNDER THE CONTRACT), YOU WILL HAVE NO FINANCIAL LIABILITY TO US FOR A BREACH OF THESE USER TERMS. OUR MAXIMUM AGGREGATE LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY BREACH OF THE USER TERMS IS ONE HUNDRED DOLLARS ($100) IN THE AGGREGATE. THE FOREGOING DISCLAIMERS WILL NOT APPLY TO THE EXTENT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW AND DO NOT LIMIT EITHER PARTY’S RIGHT TO SEEK AND OBTAIN EQUITABLE RELIEF.

Survival

The sections titled “The Relationship Between You, Customer, and Us”, “Limitation of Liability”, and “Survival”, and all of the provisions under the general heading “General Provisions” will survive any termination or expiration of the User Terms.

General Provisions

Email and Slack Messages

Except as otherwise set forth herein, all notices under the User Terms will be by email, although we may instead choose to provide notice to Authorized Users through the Services (e.g., a slackbot notification). Notices to Slack should be sent to feedback@slack.com, except for legal notices, which must be sent to legal@slack.com. A notice will be deemed to have been duly given (a) the day after it is sent, in the case of a notice sent through email; and (b) the same day, in the case of a notice sent through the Services. Notices under the Contract will be delivered solely to Customer in accordance with the terms of that agreement.

Privacy Policy

Please review our Privacy Policy for more information on how we collect and use data relating to the use and performance of our products.

Modifications

As our business evolves, we may change these User Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy. If we make a material change to the User Terms or the Acceptable Use Policy, we will provide you with reasonable notice prior to the change taking effect either by emailing the email address associated with your account or by messaging you through the Services. You can review the most current version of the User Terms at any time by visiting this page, and by visiting the following for the most current versions of the other pages that are referenced in these User Terms: Acceptable Use Policy and Privacy Policy. Any material revisions to these User Terms will become effective on the date set forth in our notice, and all other changes will become effective on the date we publish the change. If you use the Services after the effective date of any changes, that use will constitute your acceptance of the revised terms and conditions.

Waiver

No failure or delay by either party in exercising any right under the User Terms, including the Acceptable Use Policy, will constitute a waiver of that right. No waiver under the User Terms will be effective unless made in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the party being deemed to have granted the waiver.

Severability

The User Terms, including the Acceptable Use Policy, will be enforced to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law. If any provision of the User Terms is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be contrary to law, the provision will be modified by the court and interpreted so as best to accomplish the objectives of the original provision to the fullest extent permitted by law, and the remaining provisions of the User Terms will remain in effect.

Assignment

You may not assign any of your rights or delegate your obligations under these User Terms, including the Acceptable Use Policy, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of us (not to be unreasonably withheld). We may assign these User Terms in their entirety (including all terms and conditions incorporated herein by reference), without your consent, to a corporate affiliate or in connection with a merger, acquisition, corporate reorganization, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets.

Governing Law

The Contract, and any disputes arising out of or related hereto, will be governed exclusively by the internal laws of the State of California, without regard to its conflicts of laws rules or the United Nations Convention on the International Sale of Goods.

Venue; Waiver of Jury Trial; Fees

The state and federal courts located in San Francisco County, California will have exclusive jurisdiction to adjudicate any dispute arising out of or relating to these User Terms, including the Acceptable Use Policy, or their formation as a contract between us or their enforcement. Each party hereby consents and submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of such courts. Each party also hereby waives any right to jury trial in connection with any action or litigation in any way arising out of or related to the User Terms. In any action or proceeding to enforce rights under the User Terms, the prevailing party will be entitled to recover its reasonable costs and attorney’s fees.

Entire Agreement

The User Terms, including any terms incorporated by reference into the User Terms, constitute the entire agreement between you and us and supersede all prior and contemporaneous agreements, proposals or representations, written or oral, concerning its subject matter. To the extent of any conflict or inconsistency between the provisions in these User Terms and any pages referenced in these User Terms, the terms of these User Terms will first prevail; provided, however, that if there is a conflict or inconsistency between the Contract and the User Terms, the terms of the Contract will first prevail, followed by the provisions in these User Terms, and then followed by the pages referenced in these User Terms (e.g., the Privacy Policy). Customer will be responsible for notifying Authorized Users of those conflicts or inconsistencies and until such time the terms set forth herein will be binding.

Contacting Slack

Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Slack’s User Terms of Service. You may contact us at feedback@slack.com or at our mailing address below:

Slack Technologies
155 5th Street, 6th Floor
San Francisco, CA
94103



Privacy Policy

Effective: November 17, 2016

You can see past versions of our Privacy Policy in our Policy Archive.

Introduction

Our privacy policy will help you understand what information we collect at Slack, how Slack uses it, and what choices you have.

When we talk about “Slack,” “we,” “our,” or “us” in this policy, we are referring to Slack Technologies, Inc., the company which provides the Services. When we talk about the “Services” in this policy, we are referring to our online workplace productivity tools and platform. Our Services are currently available for use via a web browser or applications specific to your desktop or mobile device, as further described in our Help Center.

Information we collect and receive

1. Customer Data

Content and information submitted by users to the Services is referred to in this policy as “Customer Data.” As further explained below, Customer Data is controlled by the organization or other third party that created the team (the “Customer”). Where Slack collects or processes Customer Data, it does so on behalf of the Customer. Here are some examples of Customer Data (but keep in mind they are only examples and there may be others): messages (including those in channels and direct messages), pictures, videos, edits to messages or deleted messages, and other types of files. A user may also choose to enter information into their profile, such as first and last name, job, a photo and a phone number.

If you join a team and create a user account, you are a “user,” as further described in the User Terms of Service. If you are using the Services by invitation of a Customer, whether that Customer is your employer, another organization, or an individual, that Customer determines its own policies regarding storage, access, modification, deletion, sharing, and retention of Customer Data which may apply to your use of the Services. Please check with the Customer about the policies and settings it has in place.

2. Other information

Slack may also collect and receive the following information:

Account creation information. Users provide information such as an email address and password to create an account.
Team setup information. When a Customer creates a team using the Services, we collect an email address, a team name, domain details (such as team-name.slack.com), user name for the individual setting up the team, and password. For more information on team set-up, click here.
Billing and other information. For Customers that purchase a paid version of the Services, our corporate affiliates and our third party payment processors may collect and store billing address and credit card information on our behalf or we may do this ourselves.
Services usage information. This is information about how you are accessing and using the Services, which may include administrative and support communications with us and information about the teams, channels, people, features, content, and links you interact with, and what third party integrations you use (if any).
Contact information. With your permission, any contact information you choose to import is collected (such as an address book from a device) when using the Services.
Log data. When you use the Services our servers automatically record information, including information that your browser sends whenever you visit a website or your mobile app sends when you are using it. This log data may include your Internet Protocol address, the address of the web page you visited before using the Services, your browser type and settings, the date and time of your use of the Services, information about your browser configuration and plug-ins, language preferences, and cookie data.
Device information. We may collect information about the device you are using the Services on, including what type of device it is, what operating system you are using, device settings, application IDs, unique device identifiers, and crash data. Whether we collect some or all of this information often depends on what type of device you are using and its settings.
Geo-location information. Precise GPS location from mobile devices is collected only with your permission. WiFi and IP addresses received from your browser or device may be used to determine approximate location.
Services integrations. If, when using the Services, you integrate with a third party service, we will connect that service to ours. The third party provider of the integration may share certain information about your account with Slack. However, we do not receive or store your passwords for any of these third party services. For more information on service integrations, click here.
Third party data. Slack may also receive information from affiliates in our corporate group, our partners, or others that we use to make our own information better or more useful. This might be aggregate level information, such as which IP addresses go with which zip codes, or it might be more specific information, such as about how well an online marketing or email campaign performed.
Our Cookie Policy

Slack uses cookies and similar technologies like single-pixel gifs and web beacons, to record log data. We use both session-based and persistent cookies.

Cookies are small text files sent by us to your computer and from your computer or mobile device to us each time you visit our website or use our desktop application. They are unique to your account or your browser. Session-based cookies last only while your browser is open and are automatically deleted when you close your browser. Persistent cookies last until you or your browser delete them or until they expire.

Some cookies are associated with your account and personal information in order to remember that you are logged in and which teams you are logged into. Other cookies are not tied to your account but are unique and allow us to carry out site analytics and customization, among other similar things. If you access the Services through your browser, you can manage your cookie settings there but if you disable some or all cookies you may not be able to use the Services.

Slack sets and accesses our own cookies on the domains operated by Slack and its corporate affiliates. In addition, we use third parties like Google Analytics for website analytics. You may opt-out of third party cookies from Google Analytics on its website. We do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals as there is no consistent industry standard for compliance.

How we use your information

We use your information to provide and improve the Services.

1. Customer Data

Slack may access and use Customer Data as reasonably necessary and in accordance with Customer’s instructions to (a) provide, maintain and improve the Services; (b) to prevent or address service, security, technical issues or at a Customer’s request in connection with customer support matters; (c) as required by law or as permitted by the Data Request Policyand (d) as set forth in our agreement with the Customer or as expressly permitted in writing by the Customer. Additional information about Slack’s confidentiality and security practices with respect to Customer Data is available at our Security Practices page.

2. Other information

We use other kinds of information in providing the Services. Specifically:

To understand and improve our Services. We carry out research and analyze trends to better understand how users are using the Services and improve them.
To communicate with you by:
Responding to your requests. If you contact us with a problem or question, we will use your information to respond.
Sending emails and Slack messages. We may send you Service and administrative emails and messages. We may also contact you to inform you about changes in our Services, our Service offerings, and important Service related notices, such as security and fraud notices. These emails and messages are considered part of the Services and you may not opt-out of them. In addition, we sometimes send emails about new product features or other news about Slack. You can opt out of these at any time.
Billing and account management. We use account data to administer accounts and keep track of billing and payments.
Communicating with you and marketing. We often need to contact you for invoicing, account management and similar reasons. We may also use your contact information for our own marketing or advertising purposes. You can opt out of these at any time.
Investigating and preventing bad stuff from happening. We work hard to keep the Services secure and to prevent abuse and fraud.
This policy is not intended to place any limits on what we do with data that is aggregated and/or de-identified so it is no longer associated with an identifiable user or Customer of the Services.

Your choices

1. Customer Data

Customer provides us with instructions on what to do with Customer Data. A Customer has many choices and control over Customer Data. For example, Customer may provision or deprovision access to the Services, enable or disable third party integrations, manage permissions, retention and export settings, transfer or assign teams, share channels, or consolidate teams or channels with other teams or channels. Since these choices and instructions may result in the access, use, disclosure, modification or deletion of certain or all Customer Data, please review the Help Center pages for more information about these choices and instructions.

2. Other information

If you have any questions about your information, our use of this information, or your rights when it comes to any of the foregoing, contact us at feedback@slack.com.

Other Choices

In addition, the browser you use may provide you with the ability to control cookies or other types of local data storage. Your mobile device may provide you with choices around how and whether location or other data is collected and shared. Slack does not control these choices, or default settings, which are offered by makers of your browser or mobile device operating system.

Sharing and Disclosure

There are times when information described in this privacy policy may be shared by Slack. This section discusses only how Slack may share such information. Customers determine their own policies for the sharing and disclosure of Customer Data. Slack does not control how Customers or their third parties choose to share or disclose Customer Data.

1. Customer Data

Slack may share Customer Data in accordance with our agreement with the Customer and the Customer’s instructions, including:

With third party service providers and agents. We may engage third party companies or individuals to process Customer Data.
With affiliates. We may engage affiliates in our corporate group to process Customer Data.
With third party integrations. Slack may, acting on our Customer’s behalf, share Customer Data with the provider of an integration added by Customer. Slack is not responsible for how the provider of an integration may collect, use, and share Customer Data.
2. Other information

Slack may share other information as follows:

About you with the Customer. There may be times when you contact Slack to help resolve an issue specific to a team of which you are a member. In order to help resolve the issue and given our relationship with our Customer, we may share your concern with our Customer.
With third party service providers and agents. We may engage third party companies or individuals, such as third party payment processors, to process information on our behalf.
With affiliates. We may engage affiliates in our corporate group to process other information.
3. Other types of disclosure

Slack may share or disclose Customer Data and other information as follows:

During changes to our business structure. If we engage in a merger, acquisition, bankruptcy, dissolution, reorganization, sale of some or all of Slack's assets, financing, acquisition of all or a portion of our business, a similar transaction or proceeding, or steps in contemplation of such activities (e.g. due diligence).
To comply with laws. To comply with legal or regulatory requirements and to respond to lawful requests, court orders and legal process.
To enforce our rights, prevent fraud and for safety. To protect and defend the rights, property, or safety of us or third parties, including enforcing contracts or policies, or in connection with investigating and preventing fraud.
We may disclose or use aggregate or de-identified information for any purpose. For example, we may share aggregated or de-identified information with our partners or others for business or research purposes like telling a prospective Slack Customer the average number of messages sent within a Slack team in a day or partnering with research firm or academics to explore interesting questions about workplace communications.

Security

Slack takes security seriously. We take various steps to protect information you provide to us from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access or disclosure. These steps take into account the sensitivity of the information we collect, process and store, and the current state of technology.

To learn more about current practices and policies regarding security and confidentiality of Customer Data and other information, please see our Security Practices; we keep that document updated as these practices evolve over time.

Children’s information

Our Services are not directed to children under 13. If you learn that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information without consent, please contact us.

Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may change this policy from time to time, and if we do we will post any changes on this page. If you continue to use the Services after those changes are in effect, you agree to the revised policy.

EU-U.S. Privacy Shield and U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor

Slack has self-certified to the EU-U.S. Privacy Shield with respect to Customer Data. For more information, see our Privacy Shield Notice.

Slack complies with the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor framework as set forth by the U.S. Department of Commerce regarding the collection, use, and retention of personal data from Switzerland. We may process some personal data from individuals or companies in Switzerland via other compliance mechanisms, including data processing agreements based on the EU Standard Contractual Clauses. To learn more about the U.S.-Swiss Safe Harbor program, and to view our certification, refer to http://2016.export.gov/safeharbor/.

Contacting Slack

Please also feel free to contact us if you have any questions about Slack’s Privacy Policy or practices. You may contact us at feedback@slack.com or at our mailing address below:

Slack Technologies
155 5th Street, 6th Floor
San Francisco, CA
94103